+++
date = '2024-11-14T06:16:27-05:00'
draft = false
title = 'Tokyo Story'
+++

## Tokyo Story and the Fleeting Nature of Existence

Tokyo Story was a film where I had few expectations. We had seen high ratings for it, but between the poster and the description there did not seem like there was a lot to it. And frankly, there really wasn't. This film follows a couple as they go to visit their adult children in the city. Once they get there they find that their children now have lives of their own and don't have much time to spend with them. One exception is the couple's widowed daughter-in-law. Their daughter-in-law takes all this time off to spend time with the couple and take them to different places around the city that they would not have otherwise been able to see. The strangest compelling thing about Tokyo Story is that there is no extraordinary things going on. The couple go to visit their children. The children are quite busy with their own lives. I would not even be able to describe that inability to take time off for their parents a conflict. It is merely a part of life. As we grow older our lives become busier, messier, and more complex. It's harder to make time for the things we once enjoyed. The children have their own struggles, and their parents also seem to be struggling with a longing for the way things were when all their children were alive, well, and under one roof. Everyone wishes things were different and less complicated. That however, is in essence what this movie felt like it was trying to convey. This is just how life is. The children aren't necessarily malicious towards their parents, their lives are just much more complicated. The movie is over two hours long, and it does feel drawn out at first when you don't realize what you're about to watch. It is a story that tells of a family that is broken in many ways, but that also still has love for one another even though keeping a family together is not as easy as it once was.
